---
layout: post
title: Printed 3D microelectrode arrays for nervous system interfacing in small animals
subtitle: an data analyse Internship in MEA Labor 
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/MEA1.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [3D Microelectrode Arrays, Locust, Data Analysis]
---

Printed 3D microelectrode arrays for nervous system interfacing in small animals (tracking number nBME-25-0941), which has been submitted to Nature Biomedical Engineering. 

I got to know Hongyi in my first semester of my master’s at TUM. He impressed me as a highly diligent and detail-oriented person who always completed course projects and wrote clear, concise notes. Hongyi was passionate about EEG and started working in this lab during his second semester. When he began focusing on his master’s thesis at LMU, he kindly recommended me for this opportunity. I was truly grateful, as I had been interested in EEG research for over a year. Thanks to him, not only for the introduction to my supervisor, but also for his support during my studies.

During this internship, I focused on microfabrication and data analysis for flexible microelectrode arrays. My task was to help verify the functionality of the array by analyzing neural signals collected from small animals. With guidance from my supervisor and suggestions from professors, I learned to apply techniques like background subtraction and notch filtering to handle noise in the data. I also deepened my understanding of how to relate neural signals to physical movement. The results of our work have been submitted to Nature Biomedical Engineering as part of a collaborative study on printed 3D microelectrode arrays.

Looking back, this experience taught me valuable lessons beyond technical skills. I realized the importance of seeking feedback not only from my supervisor but also from other experts, especially when facing challenges in data preprocessing or coding. I learned to communicate more openly about difficulties and to adjust my mindset during stressful times. Instead of getting stuck, I found it helpful to step back, take a break, and return with a fresh perspective. Overall, this internship strengthened both my research abilities and my confidence in tackling complex problems.

